hello everybody hey guys this is Maggie
if you are subscribed to English Pro
channel she's one of the contributors
there she reached out and this is how
she became part of language hope so yeah
excited hey guys welcome to lingual
marina channel I'm here today with a
couple of friends
Vania you know him you see them in a lot
of my videos he lives in Italy and he's
originally from Russia Maggie is the
first timer on my channel she's from
China and I Shino lives in LA and she's
also working with languages and today
we're gonna talk about six things that
we'll find really really weird about
Americans are all immigrants and we're
like what is going on here so if you're
interested please continue watching this
video
[Music]
okay maggie has prepared a list of 12
things that she finds weird about
Americans Maggie when did you move to
America about four years ago for you oh
yeah cool I moved three years ago five
years ago okay let's do thing number one
is that they definitely put ranch
dressing on everything oh my god yeah I
think I personally like something that's
more kind of like a herb base or like
Italian dressing but my husband he's
sitting over there
she loves ranch on everything yeah
especially hot wings fries yeah carrots
and celery and stuff every time I got
okay I haven't tried it yet I'm still
rushing I still don't I you know like
you know like the sound of dishes
breaking like every time you realize
something that's what I hear like ranch
dressing and everything I'm like yeah
number two is the free refills oh yeah
love them refill nowhere in the world
three repos free water as well yeah like
in Russia if you ask water they're gonna
charge you like three or four dollars
there is no concept of free water the
only thing that surprises me here like
well this is surprising for Russia you
could drink tap water Russians don't
drink tap water yeah cuz if you leave it
overnight then in the morning you'll see
a little dirt drink tap water really I
don't drink that water uh well I think
most reckon in every war oh yeah three
waters always have water Saturday again
I mean if it's like a fancy restaurant
if it's like a really fancy place the
water is not free they bring the bottles
oh yeah yeah Wow number three is that
you have to have a credit card to run a
car credit card ID card credit cards
it's tough you have to have a credit
card
yeah doesn't work like if you don't have
a credit score credit card you're a
ghost like you're just you're nobody you
can't do anything you can't live
anywhere you can't buy anything you
can't rent a car you can't like you just
can't do anything you know you can't
you're just basically oh you don't have
credit it's like okay you must have
committed crime or something because you
don't have credit yeah I've kind of been
lucky yesterday I got the credit card of
my dreams I've been working for it for
all of three years that I'm here but I
got the credit card where you can
acquire the crew miles in travel and it
also gives you a priority pricing but
yeah I know I feel like a real American
the 21-years line that you have to you
have to be 21 to purchase alcohol or
drink alcohol integrates down to what
happens the day you turn 21 nothing
happens but you have to be 21 to drink
alcohol yeah I think it's stupid I don't
like it because like the problem is 21
it's too late to start drinking
illegally you know I feel like 18 is the
perfect age because you know you're like
straight out of high school you go to
college you know you have a chance to
like go crazy and yeah have fun you're
21 you're like almost out of college and
you're like you're about to enter the
you know corporate America where like
any kind of you know work force yeah and
then like oh I can drink now and
basically you know screw everything up
for yourself yeah everywhere else in the
world I think is 18 right I know your
kind
I think it's everywhere well I know for
a fact that America is the only country
that is where it's 21
how are you by alcohol when was your
first time you tried out
well when I first came here I was 22 so
without your first time in the English
you know tried alcohol
[Music]
m77 no in my house I didn't so my
grandpa drink Chinese white wine and
he'll just be like oh you want to taste
yeah I think it's right here when it was
five I yeah I think I was beer too when
I was like six or seven yeah number five
is that they still use the imperialism's
they still use the imperial system
instead of the metric system I don't
know how long what mile is I only know
kilometers before I came here
yeah yeah when I first came here it was
so confusing but now it's the other way
around now I'm you see I'm like oh
you're like literally you know be on the
phone my friends like from Russia I'm
like oh my god guess who I just saw like
some famous actor he's like 10 feet away
from me on to thing number six number
six is there
airport security you have to take off
your shoes which is in China we don't do
that he's off in like smaller regions
and like smaller airports and then
little towns sometimes we don't yeah I
yeah I take my shoes off in st.
Petersburg well the good thing is I have
a TSA pre now I don't have to go that
VIP line is really nice eighty-five
dollars last two four five years so good
I have to do I have to do that I just
have like
interesting thing is that last time I
went back to China
I was so accustomed to the American
security check so I looked at a Chinese
airport I started taking off my shoes
and people look at me what are you doing
all right guys
these weren't six things that we find
really weird in America if you want to
hear more please click the link below
we're gonna talk about six more things
on another channel that is called
English bro and we just started it to
help you guys learn English and learn
more about American culture so the link
will be below if you like this video
please like it because that's the only
way for us to know that you've enjoyed
watching it and subscribe to this
channel the red button will be below see
you soon in the next line bye
[Music]
you